README.md, before:

# Simple GUI for youtube-dl
This is just a GUI for youtube-dl.exe to make it easier to download YouTube videos with it. Make sure to have youtube-dl.exe in the same folder as this program, as well as ffmpeg.exe if you want to be able to download videos in higher quality.
# Features
- Downloading YouTube videos
- Downloading entire YouTube playlists
- The ability to download multiple YouTube videos from multiple URLs
# How to use this app
Just put in a YouTube link for a video or a playlist and then click add link. When you're done adding all of your desired links, click download to start downloading all the links. You can also select what video file type and quality you would like for the videos.
# To-Do
- [x] Add downloading functionality
- [x] Add the ability to choose the file type of download
- [x] Add the option to choose video file quality
- [ ] Add an audio download option for YouTube videos
- [x] Add YouTube Playlist download functionality
- [ ] Add the ability to download youtube-dl.exe automatically if no instance of it is detected in the current directory
- [ ] Add functionality to change video file type and quality for each individual video, at the moment it only sets the video file type and quality for all links in the list of links

Commit message:

Update README.md with screenshot

README.md, after:

# Simple GUI for youtube-dl
This is just a GUI for youtube-dl.exe to make it easier to download YouTube videos with it. Make sure to have youtube-dl.exe in the same folder as this program, as well as ffmpeg.exe if you want to be able to download videos in higher quality.

![Screenshot of the menu of the YouTube GUI](https://github.com/dkimjpg/Simple-GUI-for-youtube-dl/blob/master/GUI%20Screenshot%20Menu.png)
# Features
- Downloading YouTube videos
- Downloading entire YouTube playlists
- The ability to download multiple YouTube videos from multiple URLs
# How to use this app
Just put in a YouTube link for a video or a playlist and then click add link. When you're done adding all of your desired links, click download to start downloading all the links. You can also select what video file type and quality you would like for the videos.
# To-Do
- [x] Add downloading functionality
- [x] Add the ability to choose the file type of download
- [x] Add the option to choose video file quality
- [ ] Add an audio download option for YouTube videos
- [x] Add YouTube Playlist download functionality
- [ ] Add the ability to download youtube-dl.exe automatically if no instance of it is detected in the current directory
- [ ] Add functionality to change video file type and quality for each individual video, at the moment it only sets the video file type and quality for all links in the list of links
